Have you ever received an email from a non-known source informing you of great news?
You're a grand prize winner
Just click on the link to receive your prize
Or maybe it was a phone call
The person says they have exciting news. You've just won something of value, but hurry limited time only
All you have to do is provide
your personal information
Sadly, the great and exciting news usually doesn't turn out as present. It doesn't
This highlights that no matter the form or method that we receive it
Much of the news and information we're given today misleads
misinforms and often leaves us disappointed
Our world is just saturated with bad news
Even just watching the local news can leave us feeling anxious depressed even fearful
So it's no wonder that when people actually do receive good news
They're often skeptical
Feeling that if something seems too good to be true, it probably is
The Bible tells us it's actually wise to be cautious about the news we believe
But it also tells us that there is news
Good news that we can trust
I invite you to start with me pleasing your Bibles to the book of Mark
And in Mark chapter one
Note the words of Mark chapter one
verses 14 and 15
It reads
Now after John was arrested Jesus went into Galilee
preaching the good news of God and saying
The appointed time has been fulfilled and the kingdom of God is drawn near
repent and
Have faith in the good news
This is the theme of our discussion
To better understand Jesus words we need to answer three questions
First
What is the good news?
Second
Why can we have faith in it?
and third
How can we build such faith?
Knowing the answers to these questions will help us to have faith in the good news and fill our life with real purpose
Well, let's address our first question
What specifically is the good news that Jesus was referring to?
Well, let's go back in the Bible this time to the book of Luke
in Luke chapter eight
notice Luke chapter eight
verse one
Shortly afterward he traveled from city to city and from village to village
preaching and declaring the good news of the kingdom of God
and the 12 were with him
So what was that good news that Jesus preached?
The verse states the good news of the kingdom of God
So an important aspect of the good news is the message about God's kingdom
This kingdom is a real government in heaven with the heavenly king and earthly subjects
Jesus earthly life as a grown man was devoted to preaching and declaring God's kingdom as the only solution to man's problems
And how did he do it?
What the simplest of tools is mouth and his feet
Notice he walked tirelessly from city to city and village to village hundreds of miles on dusty roads even without food at times
Just to share this message with others
He even taught his disciples this good news so that they could share and extend the good news well beyond the cities and villages that Jesus reached
And you might be wondering
Why should this good news that Jesus preached about 2000 years ago
Be of interest to us today
It's because the message of the good news that Jesus taught promises future blessings for obedient humans living under the rulership of God's kingdom
So that affects all mankind today that affects you and me
And these blessings will touch every facet of life
Let's consider a few examples
Let's start with our physical health
Turn with me please to the book of Isaiah and Isaiah chapter 33
And we're going to read the first part of verse 24
Isaiah 33 24 and no resident will say
I am sick
You know that's such a simple statement
But can you just process what that means?
To never again say or hear someone say
I'm sick. I don't feel well
Something is not right with me
Just think of the millions that have suffered illness due to the pandemic
The millions that are coping with the disability and then all the diseases
The diseases that are common
The diseases that are rare
The ones that are life-threatening
chronic
debilitating
The diseases where you look fine on the outside but inside
It's a day-to-day struggle
See under God's kingdom
All of it all disabilities all diseases all health problems will no longer plague mankind
They will all be a thing of the past
And just to show you how wonderful this is how far reaching this blessing will be
Even if we don't have a disease or disability think of what your life would be like right now
If you just didn't
Hurt
See right now it it hurts if we stand too long
It hurts if we sit too long hurts if we walk too long if we sleep too long
But to be pain-free
And to know that each day you're just going to feel better and better
Isn't that good news
You see so much is going to be accomplished from this promise
Where no one will say
I am sick
Well, let's consider another blessing
As a family head we know it's a priority for you to care for your family and keep a roof over their heads
But is it a struggle to make in me
How often do you worry about having a job or keeping your job?
Well, just think of how you'll feel when these words become a reality
Still in the book of Isaiah this time
Isaiah chapter 65
And note verses 21
And 22
They will build houses and live in them
And they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage
They will not build for someone else to inhabit
Nor will they plant for others to eat
For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree
And the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full
You see the blessing
No one will be homeless or unemployed
And did you know nowhere in these verses do we see the words rent or lease
Under this kingdom arrangement you say we're going to experience the full joy of ownership
Can you imagine that can you imagine the satisfaction
The dignity that comes from living in a home
You personally built and then working with your hands for the direct benefit of your family
It's a good feeling, isn't it?
And of course if you're planning your own vineyard
Well, that's an indication of another blessing
And abundance of food
The Bible describes this quite beautifully term please to the book of Psalms
The 72nd Psalm
In note Psalm 72 verse 16
There will be an abundance of grain on the earth
On the top of the mountains it will overflow
His fruit will flourish as in Lebanon
And in the cities people will blossom like the vegetation of the earth
We've all seen heartbreaking pictures of neglected and starving children
And we've likely seen the increasing number of food lines during this pandemic
But you see under God's government
No one will be without sufficient food or undernourished
Poverty and food shortages will be gone
And what a beautiful word picture this verse gives us of how the ground will produce abundantly
It would be as if grain were growing along the sides of a mountain clear to the top and overflowing
You see we have so many wonderful blessings to look forward to
But for this next blessing
God will use his creative powers to do one of the most wonderful works of all time
Let's go back to the book of Isaiah
This time Isaiah chapter 25
Verse 8
Isaiah 25
There were told
He will swallow up death forever
And the sovereign Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces
The reproach of His people
He will take away from all the earth
For Jehovah Himself has spoken it
You know some may consider this to be the best news of all
What a joy it is going to be when death will be no more
Remove forever
If any of us have ever had someone close to us taken away by death
We know the emptiness
The anguish
The painful scars that death leaves behind
And it's something that affects all of us
So just think how many memorial services have you attended since this pandemic
You see for some it's just too painful to think about
One brother made the statement he said
I don't even look forward to Saturdays anymore
It seems that Saturdays have been set aside for funeral and memorial services
But we can relate to that can't we
But you see what the Bible says the Bible says that God is going to swallow up death forever
So when something is swallowed it's gone
destroyed
So that is going to be a time to rejoice
But the good news doesn't stop there
Because not only is Jehovah going to put an end to death
But know what he does next
Look over chapter 26 this time verse 19
He says your dead will live
My corpses will rise up
Awake and shout joyfully you residents in the dust
For your ado is as the dew of the morning
And the earth will let those powerless in death
Come to life
So now we're talking about the resurrection
Our dead loved ones will return to life
And you know the expression there awake and shout joyfully
Thought it was interesting the new English Bible quotes this as saying
They that sleep in the earth
Will awake and shout for joy
And doesn't that nicely describe how right now our dead loved ones
Are just sleeping
And just like an infant is protected within its mother's womb
The dead are in the safest situation imaginable
Perfectly preserved and protected
Within Jehovah's memory
And in God's due time they will be brought back to life
And we can be there
We can be there to warmly welcome them
Just like a newborn is greeted by a loving waiting family
So many tremendous blessings
And these blessings that we've considered
This is just a small sampling of the good news
There's so much more that this kingdom will accomplish
According to Psalm 46 verse 9 war will cease to exist
In Revelation 11 18
Anyone and anything that dirties the earth
Pollutes the air in water or kills off the earth's wildlife
God promises that he will bring to ruin those who ruin or pollute the earth
So we've established the answer to our first question
What is the good news?
The good news is the news of God's kingdom
This heavenly government that will rule and provide tremendous blessings to obedient mankind
Now with all these wonderful promises in store for mankind
Can you think of any better news that you'd like to receive?
Wouldn't you agree that these promises are worth investigating?
Indeed they are
But here's the challenge
The idea of living forever under such wonderful conditions might be difficult for some to comprehend
Especially what life is like right now at present
So what of those that hear this good news are skeptical
What if they feel if it seems too good to be true
It probably is
Well, let's address this by answering our second question
Why can we have faith in the good news?
In other words, why can we firmly believe that all the things we've just considered all these promises from God are true
And will be fulfilled
Well, just like any news or information that we receive
The credibility all starts with the source, doesn't it?
The good news comes from Jehovah God himself
And let's note what the Bible says about him
Turn with me please to the book of Titus
And Titus chapter one and we'll read
Titus chapter one
Verses one and two
Paul
A slave of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of God's chosen ones
And the accurate knowledge of the truth that is according to godly devotion
And is based on a hope of the everlasting life that God
Who cannot lie
promised
Long ago
So we can be certain that these promises will be fulfilled
Because the Bible tells us we have a basis for hope because God
Who cannot lie
Is the one who made these promises
But what exactly does this mean?
Well, let's illustrate it this way
Have you ever asked a friend to meet you or pick you up to go somewhere
And your friend says oh no problem. I'll be there at seven
But as soon as he says it
You already know he's not coming until 730
Maybe even eight
We all seem to have that friend don't we?
But why do we know this about our friend?
Well likely it's because of his past record
You see if our friend all the will intentioned has a pattern of being lead
He's given us a basis
To question his promise
Now of course as humans were all imperfect
But the point is our record of works form a basis for our credibility
So now we elevate this to Almighty God
So when it comes to Jehovah
The source of the good news the one who cannot lie
You see if we examine his record we'll see that he has given us a basis to trust him
He has a perfect record of fulfilling his promises. They come true 100% of the time
And it's not just the general prophecy itself
It's the accurate details as well
For example
The prophet Isaiah 4 told that the mighty city of Babylon would be destroyed
But then he went into detail exactly how the city would be defeated
From the river being dried up
To the gates being left wide open
He even named the one who was going to overthrow Babylon some 200 years before it happened
And history confirms that every detail of this prophecy was fulfilled
It was even prophesied that Babylon would become piles of stone and never again be inhabited
And that stands true down to this day
And this is just one of a number of prophecies
You see when we take the time to investigate we find other prophecies
Such as the number of years when the land of Judah would be desolate
The exact year when the Messiah would come where he would be born what he would do
How he would die and be raised from the dead
All fulfilled
Exactly as foretold
So the fact that so many Bible prophecies have already come true
Shows that we can trust what the Bible says about the future
Now here's another reason we can have faith in the good news
Let's go back to our Bibles this time to Matthew chapter 9
In Matthew chapter 9
Note verse 35
And Jesus sat out on a tour of all the cities and villages
Teaching in their synagogues and preaching the good news of the kingdom and curing every sort of disease and every sort of infirmity
Now you recall earlier we discussed the efforts Jesus put forth to declare the good news
But now we see that as he went to those cities and villages not only did he preach
But empowered by God he performed miracles that prove the credibility of the good news
And some of those miracles were witnessed by thousands
To the point where they cannot be denied even by his apostles
So to this point
We've established what the good news is the news regarding God's kingdom
And now we've answered why we can have faith in the good news
The source of the good news is Jehovah
A God who cannot lie and who has a perfect track record of keeping his promises
And then God's son Jesus Christ who is king of God's kingdom
He solidified that evidence during his time on the earth by demonstrating the power to cure disease
and infirmity
Today there are millions of people from a variety of backgrounds that have taken the time to investigate the promises
Of God's kingdom
They have found them to be true
And they have benefited from the good news
It has improved their lives now and given them a solid hope for the future
We invite you to watch the following video
And as you do note how some have benefited from the good news
Normally my home country
I had many questions
Why do young people have to die?
Why do my children have to go through this?
God did not create us to make war
The priests in my church always said it is God's will
Being on the run was dreadful
More than once I thought we were going to die
Eventually we arrived in Germany and I was convinced that the priest there could give me some answers
I went to several different churches
But no answers
I kept telling them I'm looking for something
I don't know what it is
But I didn't find it here with you
Sometimes I thought I was searching for something that no one could give me
One day
A German woman approached me in Arabic
That was amazing for me
I never had a good opinion of Jehovah's Witnesses
I didn't think I could learn anything from her
But I gave her a chance
She gave me logical answers to all of my questions
In my home country there are multiple religious groups and nationalities
Who hate and fight each other
But at the meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses
I have seen that all people can live in peace with each other
If they get to know our father in heaven
He gives love and peace
At last, I found what I had been looking for
I lived a life without rules
I used to get drunk, smoked a lot, and I became a compulsive gambler
My behavior was a complete disaster
My wife wanted to separate from me
It was a horrible time
My wife started studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses
I remember being doubtful
Very doubtful
But there was one thing that started to make me think
Both my wife and my children look more peaceful
More joyful
Happier
That's why I even accepted a Bible study
I came to realize that Jehovah loves each one of us as an individual
That gave me real hope for the future
Everything I was studying in the Bible helped me to understand
The doing Jehovah's world is in our best interest
This really helped me to quit my bad habits
Treat my family better
And show due respect to my wife
If Jehovah hadn't searched for me
If I hadn't come to know him
We would no longer be a family
Today we are indeed a happy family
A united family
United more than ever
Only Jehovah could perform such a miracle
Well, let's address our final question
How can you and I build faith in the good news
It may be that just like our sister in the video
We have gone through situations in our life that leave us searching for answers
But our search might provide us with incorrect or misinformed information about God
So the question comes up again
How can we know how can we be sure of what to believe
Well the Bible gives us the answer
Turn with me please to the book of Hebrews
And note what is stated in Hebrews chapter 11
verse 1
There we read
Faith is the assured expectation of what is hoped for
The evident demonstration of realities that are not seen
And you know the footnote there for evident demonstration
It says convincing evidence
So that helps us to see that real faith is not gullible
Just like with the scammers and misinformation we spoke of earlier
You say we don't believe what we hear just because it sounds good
No as the footnote says there should be convincing evidence of things that are not seen
And yet real
Just illustrate this a child may ask
How do we know that air exists
Well, we can't say well, it just does that's how it works
No, you say likely we'd have to help the child to reason on the evidence that exist
Right his ability to breathe air in and out
The effects of the wind and so forth
And once the child is convinced of the evidence
He can now accept the existence
Of what is invisible to him
In this case the air
And that is how our faith has to be
It has to be based on solid convincing evidence
Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide have faith in the good news
They have made an examination of the Bible's promises and they've seen the evidence for themselves
Just like our brother in the video
We've also seen how the good news is not only improved our lives
But it shows us evidence of Jehovah's love for us as well
Some who are listening to this program may be newly acquainted with Jehovah's Witnesses
And we'd like to tell you we are so happy that you took the time to attend
And we know that you too may have questions
And you need answers
truthful answers
Well
Give Jehovah's Witnesses a chance
Give them a chance to help you find those answers in the Bible
And as you associate with them
See how they have come to believe the good news
And why they have faith in it
And as your faith grows
You'll come to appreciate just how important this message is
It will move you to make any needed changes in your life
And because of the joy and happiness you feel
You say you'll be excited right you'll want to share what you have learned with others
And that's good
For doing so we'll reinforce Bible truth in your own mind
So from all that we've discussed
What do we conclude
If we have faith in the good news
We are firmly convinced that everything Jehovah says is true and will be fulfilled
And the way we live our lives will demonstrate that
In this world that is saturated with so much bad news
How thankful we are that we have a God that not only provides us with a basis to trust his good news
But he even shows evidence of his care and concern for us as individuals
This good news is not too good to be true. It is real. It is a reality that is soon to come
So may all of us
Have faith in the good news
And as we draw close to God
May we experience first hand Jehovah's love as he rewards all those who earnestly seek him in faith